wanted to be a pilot that's what I could
have gotten a trying to get in the Army
for when I graduated from high school I
didn't have the two-year college
requirement and a couple other things to
be a deviation cadet but a recruiter
sergeant talked me into getting into
service and applying from inside the
service saying you can get waivers from
your commanders to make up division sees
it did work so you did end up getting
some college experiences no I didn't get
to college experience I they assigned me
to take battalion as a tank mechanic and
I went to a tank that's not exactly what
you know that's not what I started out
to do and I was up in the bar code
editor in California and I was thinking
this is too hot I don't like these noisy
things and and I wanted to be an
airplane so I applied for transfer to
play flight line as a flight mechanic
and they sent me to a mechanic school
over at Keesler Air Force Base six
months out of yours what city was Irving
San Antonio me and i graduated from that
and was assigned on the flight line and
worked long enough to rise to step
sergeant it's great i was a flight chief
by the time my commander and thats
quarter commander tech time kind of took
pity on me i was doing everything that i
thought they wanted done to get their
attention I I volunteered for expert
duty of things like that policing the
yard so I went to a flight mechanic
school and I was running up my other
crew chief on the p30 aids and running
life every running and I just wanted to
let it jump the job to take off and then
my commander knew how anxious I was to
actually fly one and he found and he
started doing some personal research and
he found that there are still no
regulation on the books from World War
one when they trained sergeant pilots
and they didn't require about two-year
college education so he took my pilots
training application and converted it to
the Flying Circus program got it
approved and I would got an appointment
and it said flight school and the
flights are just there must have been a
really certain that was the only flying
sergeant in the class everybody else was
was aviation cadets and I was a cadet
aviation cadet sergeant because I had
already been in the sermons they made me
because I'd officer right away so I
graduated as a second lieutenant anyway
from a sergeant program and then because
I was mechanically inclined to head off
it was already a flight mechanic on the
flight line when I was graduating a
telegram went up on the board that they
were going to open a new air for our
army air force flight test training
program the train test pilots for the
expanding service and yet that sir
called cases you had to have an
engineering background and things like
that but that I didn't have an
engineering degree or anything that they
accepted my flight training our mechanic
service on a line as a suitable
substitute I suppose because I got
appointed to the pilot training program
I love training program at government
grant Air Force ran Army Air Force and I
went through the first flight school at
that point I flew all the aircraft that
we had in the inventory which is only 25
different minds and we were all so I put
a number of Navy aircraft that we had
brought from the Navy to round out the
program we
and different performance it was this
still Oh in San Antonio so yes doggone I
understand the first flight test pilot
school was in San Antonio also so I just
went from i graduated from the Kadesh
advancing went right over the pilot
flight test pilot school and graduate
from that as a flight test officer
by the early 1940s the entire
industrialized world had manufactured
millions upon millions of cars and
airplanes with combustion engines all
dependent on petroleum just as
Rockefeller Ford and Edison had designed
an industrialized nations suddenly left
without enough petroleum would go into
an economic shock US President Franklin
Roosevelt once assistant secretary of
the US Navy under then President Woodrow
Wilson always retained a very close
relationship to the Navy Roosevelt
understood that the United States had an
aging fleet of World War 1 battleships
on hand that were slower and weaker than
other modern navies like the Japanese
had assembled throughout the 1930s when
a second engineered World War erupted in
Europe as Nazi Germany invaded Poland
and the British declared war on Germany
the American public wanted no part of
the war